Bootstrap Assignment
Module (Bootstrap Basic & Advanced) – 6

1.What are the advantages of Bootstrap?
Ans. Top 10 Advantages of Bootstrap.
     1) Easy initiation. Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development.
     2) Responsiveness.
     3) Highly customizable. 
     4) Extremely user-centric.
     5) Top-notch support.
     6) Cross-browser compatibility.
     7) plugins to your rescue.
     8) Far-reaching popularity
     9) Ample documentation
     10) Updates at the doorstep

2.What is a Bootstrap Container, and how does it work?
Ans. Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap and are required when using our default grid system.
     Containers are used to contain, pad, and (sometimes) center the content within them. 
     While containers can be nested, most layouts do not require a nested container.


3.What are the default Bootstrap text settings?
Ans. Bootstrap a default font-size of 1rem (16px by default), and its line-height is 1.5.

4.What do you know about the Bootstrap Grid System? 
Ans. Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. 
     It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. 

5.What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
Ans. The form elements in Bootstrap 4 have defaulted to the browser-provided view. 
     However, in Bootstrap 5, the form elements have a custom design that enables them to have a consistent look and feel in all browsers.

6.What is the difference between Bootstrap 4 and Bootstrap 5?
Ans. Button groups allow multiple buttons to be stacked together on a single line. This is useful when you want to place items like alignment buttons together. 
     You can add on optional JavaScript radio and checkbox style behavior with Bootstrap Button Plugin. This class is used for a basic button group.

7.How can you use Bootstrap to make thumbnails?
Ans. 1) Add an <a> tag with the class of .thumbnail around an image.
     2) This adds four pixels of padding and a gray border.
     3) On hover, an animated glow outlines the image.

8.In Bootstrap 4, what is flexbox?
Ans. Flexbox is used to quickly manage the layout, alignment and sizing of grid columns, navigation, components, and more with a full suite of responsive flexbox utilities.
     You can also do complex implementations using custom CSS. Flexbox Properties: Enable flex behaviors.

9.How can one create an alert in Bootstrap?
Ans. Create Visual Studio Code.

10.What is a bootstrap card and how would you create one?
Ans. Create Visual Studio Code.